Howling Tawny Mole

medium

# Missing checks for minimum values of params, could potentially impact the integrity of the token pairing process.

## Summary

Missing checks for minimum values of params in `GoatV1Factory::createPair`, could potentially impact the integrity of the token pairing process. 

## Vulnerability Detail

In the `createPair` function provided, a front-running attack might not occur directly within this function itself, but rather in the context of its usage in the broader system. If a front-running attack were successful, it could potentially impact the integrity of the token pairing process within the system. Depending on the parameters used in the attack, it could lead to financial loss or manipulation of the system.

## Impact

In the `createPair` function provided, a front-running attack might not occur directly within this function itself, but rather in the context of its usage in the broader system. If a front-running attack were successful, it could potentially impact the integrity of the token pairing process within the system. Depending on the parameters used in the attack, it could lead to financial loss or manipulation of the system.

## Code Snippet

Following checks are necessary: 
`if(params.bootstrapEth < minimumBootstrapEth, params.virtualEth < minimumVirtualEth, params.initialTokenMatch < minimumInitialTokenMatch){
           revert();
       }`

1. An attacker monitors pending transactions in the Ethereum mempool and identifies a transaction where createPair is called with parameters that might be advantageous to them. For example, they might notice a transaction creating a pair with extremely low params.bootstrapEth, params.virtualEth, or params.initialTokenMatch values.
2. Upon observing the transaction, the attacker quickly submits a new transaction with slightly higher values for params.bootstrapEth, params.virtualEth, or params.initialTokenMatch before the original transaction is confirmed.
3. The attacker's transaction gets confirmed before the original transaction. As a result, they gain control over the newly created pair with parameters more favorable to them, potentially leading to financial gain or manipulation of the system.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

You could add conditions like `params.bootstrapEth >= minimumBootstrapEth`, `params.virtualEth >= minimumVirtualEth`, and `params.initialTokenMatch >= minimumInitialTokenMatch`, where minimumBootstrapEth, minimumVirtualEth, and minimumInitialTokenMatch are predefined constants representing the minimum acceptable values for these parameters.
```diff
function createPair(address token, GoatTypes.InitParams memory params) external returns (address) {
        // @note is there a need to have minimum values for theser params so it can't be frontrun?
+        if(params.bootstrapEth < minimumBootstrapEth, params.virtualEth < minimumVirtualEth, params.initialTokenMatch < minimumInitialTokenMatch){
+            revert();
+        }
        if (params.bootstrapEth == 0 || params.virtualEth == 0 || params.initialTokenMatch == 0) {
            revert GoatErrors.InvalidParams();
        }
        if (pools[token] != address(0)) {
            revert GoatErrors.PairExists();
        }
        // @audit-low missing zero address checks for token, leads to contract failure, invalid data handling or unintended behaviour
        if (token == weth) {
            revert GoatErrors.CannnotPairWithBaseAsset();
        }
        GoatV1Pair pair = new GoatV1Pair();
        pair.initialize(token, weth, baseName, params);
        pools[token] = address(pair);
        emit PairCreated(token, weth, address(pair));
        return address(pair);
    }
```
