Clever Amethyst Meerkat

medium

# [M-1] The Anti-MEV logic exposes the protocol to DoS attacks, preventing users from buying or selling tokens

## Summary
A malicious actor has the ability to strategically place two transactions at the beginning of the block and prevent all users from executing trades in one direction, rendering the swap service unusable for that specific token.

## Vulnerability Detail
The anti-MEV logic implemented in the protocol tracks the last trade and ensures that trades within the current block occur in a single direction to prevent sandwich MEV attacks. The pattern it follows is as follows:
```solidity
sell -> buy -> buy -> buy ... is allowed ✅
buy -> sell -> sell -> sell ... is allowed ✅
buy -> buy -> sell -> sell ... is not allowed ❌
sell -> sell -> buy -> buy ... is not allowed ❌
```
However, this transaction ordering implies an irregular trading pattern within each block, as it implies that each block may have trades going in only one direction. A malicious actor could exploit this constraint and prevent all users from buying or selling a particular token. Indeed, if they send two transactions with a very high gas price to be included in the first two positions of the block, they can arbitrarily decide the direction of trades and prevent users from buying or selling their tokens. Consider the following scenarios:

1. The malicious actor (let's call her Alice) sends two transactions with a high gas price at the beginning of the block, in the following order: buy, sell. By doing so, she prevents all other users from buying the token in the current block.
2. Alice sends two transactions with a very high gas price to be included at the beginning of the block, in the following order: sell, buy. In this way, she prevents all other users from selling their tokens in the current block.
To ensure her transactions are included in the correct order, Alice can also use a Flashbots bundle to force the ordering of the two transactions.

This anti-MEV logic prevents sandwich attacks but introduces too many negative externalities, as it can be abused by malicious actors to manipulate the market. Indeed, the pattern described in the numbered list could potentially be repeated indefinitely, making the market unusable and thus realizing a Denial of Service attack.

## Impact

The malicious actor has the ability to deny users from conducting trading activities, undermining the entire reliability of the protocol. Furthermore, by using the strategy described in the previous paragraph, they can manipulate the market to their advantage. Finally, users attempting to send transactions will see their transactions fail and lose money in reverts.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-goat-trading/blob/main/goat-trading/contracts/exchange/GoatV1Pair.sol#L743-L766

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It's possible to use a mapping to track each user's last transfer and verify that at least one block has passed since the last transfer. The randomness introduced by transactions occurring in between makes the sandwich attack unpredictable and therefore the attacker refuses to execute the attack.