Agreeable Aquamarine Dog

high

# Potential Denial of Service Attack via MEV Protection at a very low cost

## Summary

Utilizing the MEV protection mechanism, a malicious actor can effectively initiate a Denial of Service attack against other users, preventing them from either selling or buying assets, depending on the malicious actor's objectives. 

This attack can be executed with minimal cost, depending on the blockchain network's transaction fees. Such attacks pose a significant threat to the integrity of the protocol, potentially leading to disruption and loss of user trust, thereby jeopardizing the project's viability.

## Vulnerability Detail
The MEV protection mechanism permits trades to occur in only one direction following the second trade. Specifically:

    sell -> buy -> buy -> buy ... is allowed
    buy -> sell -> sell -> sell ... is allowed
    buy -> buy -> sell -> sell ... is not allowed
    sell -> sell -> buy -> buy ... is not allowed

Exploiting this vulnerability, a malicious actor can engage in front-running activities, targeting specific users or all users, with specific types of transactions (buy or sell), to execute a DOS attack.
## Impact
Users, or potentially all users, face the risk of being subjected to a DOS attack at an extremely low cost. By front-running the first transaction in a block, the attacker can effectively deny all other users within the same block from executing their transactions.


## Code Snippet
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-goat-trading/blob/main/goat-trading/contracts/exchange/GoatV1Pair.sol#L729-L766](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-goat-trading/blob/main/goat-trading/contracts/exchange/GoatV1Pair.sol#L729-L766)

## Proof of concept

The attack scenario can be illustrated as follows:

For denying Sellers:
```bash
- tx Malicious user : swap sell with minimum value possible
- tx Malicious user : swap buy  with minimum value possible
- tx Legit selling  : tx reverted due to mev protection
             .
             .
             .
```

For denying Buyers:
```bash
- tx Malicious user : swap buy with minimum value possible
- tx Malicious user : swap sell  with minimum value possible
- tx Legit buying  : tx reverted due to mev protection
             .
             .
             .
```

By initiating antagonistic transactions as the first two transactions, the malicious user can maintain the initial asset value, thus avoiding commitment to swapping values.

## Tool used

Manual analysis

Foundry tests

## Recommendation

*   Implement enhanced measures to mitigate MEV exploitation, such as transaction sequencing algorithms.