Wonderful Pear Sparrow

medium

# [M-3]  Premature Calculation Before Validation in `getTokenAmountIn` Function

## Summary
An optimization issue was identified in the `getTokenAmountIn` function of the GoatLibrary contract, where a scaling calculation is performed prior to checking for zero input (`wethAmountOut`). This precedes validations that could revert the transaction, potentially leading to unnecessary computation and gas wastage.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function scales `wethAmountOut` by a factor of `10000 / 9901` before performing any input validation checks. If `wethAmountOut` is zero or if `actualWethOut` exceeds `reserveEth`, the transaction reverts. However, the calculation occurs regardless of these conditions, which could lead to gas consumption for a transaction destined to fail.

## Impact
While this issue does not directly compromise the contract's security, it introduces inefficiencies that could result in higher gas costs for users. Transactions that are ultimately reverted due to failing the subsequent checks still consume gas for the performed calculations, affecting the contract's overall efficiency and user experience.

## Code Snippet
Affected code in the `getTokenAmountIn` function: [GoatLibrary.sol#L231-L248](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-goat-trading/blob/main/goat-trading/contracts/library/GoatLibrary.sol#L231-L232)
```solidity
uint256 actualWethOut = ((wethAmountOut * 10000) / 9901); //@audit-issue check revert first before doing this calculation
if (wethAmountOut == 0) revert GoatErrors.InsufficientOutputAmount();
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To optimize the `getTokenAmountIn` function and avoid unnecessary computations, the input validations should be reordered to precede any calculations:
```diff
function getTokenAmountIn(...) internal pure returns (uint256 amountTokenIn) {
+   if (wethAmountOut == 0) revert GoatErrors.InsufficientOutputAmount();
    // scale by 10000 to avoid rounding errors
-   uint256 actualWethOut = ((wethAmountOut * 10000) / 9901); 
+   uint256 actualWethOut;
    if (actualWethOut > reserveEth) revert GoatErrors.InsufficientLiquidity();
+   actualWethOut = ((wethAmountOut * 10000) / 9901);
    ...
}
```
This rearrangement ensures that the function immediately exits if `wethAmountOut` is zero or any other input validation fails, prior to executing any scaling calculations. By implementing this recommendation, the contract can reduce unnecessary gas consumption and improve transaction efficiency for users.