Bubbly Tangerine Mole

medium

# Attacker can still grief the token owner by frontrunning pair deployment & setting unfavorable initial conditions (`takeOverPool` does not really help).

## Summary
Attacker can still grief the token owner by frontrunning pair deployment & setting unfavorable initial conditions (`takeOverPool` does not really help).

## Vulnerability Detail
Factory contract allows anyone to create a ETH-Token pair with init params. The params include `initialTokenMatch` , `virtualEth` , and `bootstrapEth` amounts. The pair can only be [created once](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-goat-trading/blob/main/goat-trading/contracts/exchange/GoatV1Factory.sol#L38-L40) for a given token. 

Even though there's `takeOverPool` function for the token owner to take over the pool, it might not be possible due to the "token contribution" needs to be at least 10% higher. However, the attacker could have initialize `initialTokenMatch` to be as large as possible (`type(uint112).max` , which evaluates to 5.19 * 10^33).

However, most tokens have at most 18 decimals, and the token max supply mostly does not exceed 1 trillion (1e12). This means the max token supply in wei is 1e30, which will prove to be insufficient for the pool takeover.

## Impact
Token owner ends up not being able to utilize the pool since the initial parameters are bad. DoS.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-goat-trading/blob/main/goat-trading/contracts/exchange/GoatV1Factory.sol#L33-L49

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Ensure the pool creator must also be the first minter in the same transaction. This can help prevent a lot of pair creation frontrunning issues, if the token owner is the only token minter before the pair is settled.
