Howling Tawny Mole

high

# liquidity provider's address's liquidity not burnt, allows reburn the liquidity and take funds out.

## Summary

 In `GoatV1Pair::burn` `to` address's liquidity burnt not updated, allows `to` to reburn the liquidity and take funds out.

## Vulnerability Detail

In `GoatV1Pair::burn` `to` address is passed as an argument but the function does not update the `_balances` mapping in `GoatV1ERC20` which is initialized when minting the lp token at the `to` address. It allows the liquidity provider to reburn the liquidity of the pool. Here, `_burn(address(this), liquidity);` this call burns the liquidity of `address(this)` which is the contract itself, burns liquidity of `to` address which is the actual liquidity provider.

## Impact

In `GoatV1Pair::burn`, it burns liquidity from the `address(this)`, and not from the liquidity provider, causing severe disruption of protocol functionality, and liquidity provider can burn until the funds associated with the pool get drained.

## Code Snippet

`        _burn(address(this), liquidity);` In `GoatV1Pair`
`       _balances[_from] -= _value;`

Following is the proof of concept:
1. address(this) is passed in `_burn(address(this), liquidity);` instead of `msg.sender or to`
2. In `GoatV1ERC20` update the balance of `from` which is the address of the `GoatV1Pair` contract.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Calculate the liquidity of the liquidity provider instead of the contract's liquidity.
2. Burn liquidity associated with the liquidity provider's address. so it could update the `GoatV1ERC20_balances` passing address of the liquidity provider
