Agreeable Aquamarine Dog

medium

# Liquidity Pool Deposit Accessibility

## Summary
User with low liquidity can't participate the the Goat ecosystem.

## Vulnerability Detail
Users with low liquidity face a barrier when attempting to deposit assets into the liquidity pool. To make a deposit, a user must provide a minimum amount of `weth`, equivalent to at least `_pendingLiquidityFees` + `_pendingProtocolFees` in the pool. However, the protocol currently requires a minimum withdrawal of `_pendingProtocolFees` of 0.1 ethers. 

As of the time of this audit, the value of 0.1 ethers is approximately $400, with the potential to rise to $1000 in the foreseeable future.
## Impact
Less user will use the protocol, and less liquidity will inflow in the Goat ecosystem.

## Code Snippet
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-goat-trading/blob/main/goat-trading/contracts/exchange/GoatV1Pair.sol#L114-L174](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-goat-trading/blob/main/goat-trading/contracts/exchange/GoatV1Pair.sol#L114-L174)

## Proof of concept

In the `mint()` function, the calculation for the amount of weth deposited is as follows:
```solidity
amountWeth = balanceEth - reserveEth - _pendingLiquidityFees - _pendingProtocolFees;
```

Where:

*   `balanceEth`: weth balance held by the contract
*   `reserveEth`: reserve of weth in the Pair contract
*   `_pendingLiquidityFees`: liquidity fees for users
*   `_pendingProtocolsFees`: protocol fees for the protocol

However, the minimum amount for the protocol to withdraw fees is set in the `Factory` contract as:

```solidity
uint256 public minimumCollectableFees = 0.1 ether;
```
## Tool used

Manual analysis

## Recommendation

Lowering the `minimumCollectableFees` to a reasonable value would enhance accessibility for users with low liquidity, allowing them to deposit into the pool and potentially invest in the future of GoatFinance. Adjusting this parameter can facilitate broader participation and contribute to a more inclusive ecosystem.
