Zesty Glass Bull

medium

# Potential Inconsistencies in Deadline Handling Between removeLiquidity and removeLiquidityETH Functions

## Summary
functions, removeLiquidity and removeLiquidityETH, used to remove liquidity from a pool. Both functions have a ensure(deadline) modifier which relies on the deadline set by the trader. There is a potential vulnerability where the removeLiquidityETH function could pass the ensure(deadline) modifier, but the removeLiquidity function may revert due to a time delay, causing inconsistencies in behavior.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability arises from the dependency on the ensure(deadline) modifier, where the deadline set by the trader may be too close to the current timestamp. If the removeLiquidity function is called after the deadline, it could revert due to the passage of time, even if removeLiquidityETH successfully passes the deadline check.

## Impact
This vulnerability may lead to inconsistencies in the behavior of the removeLiquidity and removeLiquidityETH functions, potentially resulting in failed transactions It can also undermine the reliability and predictability of the protocol's liquidity removal mechanism, results in DOS.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-goat-trading/blob/main/goat-trading/contracts/periphery/GoatRouterV1.sol#L111
```javascript
    function removeLiquidity(
        address token,
        uint256 liquidity,
        uint256 tokenMin,
        uint256 wethMin,
        address to,
        uint256 deadline
    ) public nonReentrant ensure(deadline) returns (uint256 amountWeth, uint256 amountToken) {
        address pair = GoatV1Factory(FACTORY).getPool(token);

        IERC20(pair).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, pair, liquidity);
        (amountWeth, amountToken) = GoatV1Pair(pair).burn(to);
        if (amountWeth < wethMin) {
            revert GoatErrors.InsufficientWethAmount();
        }
        if (amountToken < tokenMin) {
            revert GoatErrors.InsufficientTokenAmount();
        }
    }

    function removeLiquidityETH(
        address token,
        uint256 liquidity,
        uint256 tokenMin,
        uint256 ethMin,
        address to,
        uint256 deadline
    ) external ensure(deadline) returns (uint256 amountWeth, uint256 amountToken) {
        (amountWeth, amountToken) = removeLiquidity(token, liquidity, tokenMin, ethMin, address(this), deadline);
        IERC20(token).safeTransfer(to, amountToken);
        IWETH(WETH).withdraw(amountWeth);
        (bool success,) = to.call{value: amountWeth}("");
        if (!success) {
            revert GoatErrors.EthTransferFailed();
        }
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To prevent this from happening, consider these strategies:

Increase Deadline Buffer: In the ensure(deadline) modifier, add a reasonable buffer (e.g., 60 seconds) to the provided deadline before comparing it to the current timestamp. This accounts for potential network delays during transaction processing.

Explicit Deadline Check in removeLiquidityETH: If removeLiquidity doesn't have its own deadline check, incorporate it within the function to ensure consistency. This ensures that even if the initial check in ensure(deadline) passes, the removal process won't proceed if the deadline has expired by the time removeLiquidity executes.
